<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# avm-res-containerregistry-agentpool (preview)

Provisions a dedicated, VNet-joined Azure Container Registry agent pool (`Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/registries/agentPools`). This is the only validated path for running `az acr build` against an ACR with `publicNetworkAccess = Disabled`: the Microsoft-managed shared ACR Tasks pool has no path to the registry data plane when the public endpoint is fully disabled, because the `AzureServices` trusted-services bypass only relaxes the registry firewall ACL when public access is set to "Selected networks", not when it is disabled outright.

This module follows the [Azure Verified Modules Resource Module specification](https://azure.github.io/Azure-Verified-Modules/specs/tf/res/) and is a preview-tracked candidate for upstreaming as `terraform-azurerm-avm-res-containerregistry-agentpool`. Until then it lives in the [github-runners-alz-corp-cookbook](https://github.com/martinopedal/github-runners-alz-corp-cookbook) repo and is consumed via `git::` source.

> **The agent pool resource is in Azure public preview.** API version pinned to `2019-06-01-preview` via `azapi`. The module will be refactored to `azurerm_container_registry_agent_pool` if/when AzureRM ships first-class support.

## Usage

```hcl
module "runners" {
  source = "github.com/martinopedal/terraform-azurerm-github-runners-alz-corp"

  # ... your existing inputs ...
  runner_acr_push_enabled = true
}

resource "azurerm_subnet" "acr_agent_pool" {
  name                              = "snet-acragent"
  resource_group_name               = azurerm_virtual_network.this.resource_group_name
  virtual_network_name              = azurerm_virtual_network.this.name
  address_prefixes                  = ["10.0.3.0/24"]
  private_endpoint_network_policies = "Disabled"
}

module "acr_agent_pool" {
  source = "github.com/martinopedal/github-runners-alz-corp-cookbook//modules/acr-agent-pool"

  name                              = "vnetpool"
  location                          = "swedencentral"
  container_registry_resource_id    = module.runners.container_registry_resource_id
  virtual_network_subnet_resource_id = azurerm_subnet.acr_agent_pool.id
}
```

Then in your workflow (see [`patterns/acr-build.md`](../../patterns/acr-build.md) for the full GitHub Actions workflow):

```bash
az acr build \
  --registry "$ACR_NAME" \
  --agent-pool "$ACR_AGENT_POOL" \
  --image "my-app:$GITHUB_SHA" \
  --file Dockerfile .
```

## Cost

Dedicated agent pools are in **public preview** and billed per vCPU per second of instance allocation. With the default `count = 1` an S1 instance (2 vCPU) is allocated continuously. Scale-to-zero is supported by the service (`az acr agentpool update --count 0`) but is not automated by this module. Check the current rate on the [ACR pricing page](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/container-registry/) under "Dedicated agent pool billing" before committing to a tier.

Tiers: **S1** (2 vCPU, 3 GB), **S2** (4 vCPU, 8 GB), **S3** (8 vCPU, 16 GB), **I6** isolated (64 vCPU, 216 GB).

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azurerm_management_lock.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/management_lock) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_container_registry_resource_id"></a> [container\_registry\_resource\_id](#input\_container\_registry\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the parent Premium Azure Container Registry. The agent pool is created as a child resource of this registry and must be in the same region.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: Azure region where the agent pool should be deployed. Must match the region of the parent container registry.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the agent pool. Must be 3 to 20 alphanumeric characters.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_virtual_network_subnet_resource_id"></a> [virtual\_network\_subnet\_resource\_id](#input\_virtual\_network\_subnet\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of an existing subnet to join the agent pool to. The subnet must be in a VNet that can reach the ACR Private Endpoint. The consumer is responsible for creating and delegating the subnet (no AVM Res module provisions networking).

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_count_instances"></a> [count\_instances](#input\_count\_instances)

Description: Number of allocated instances. Set to 0 to scale to zero between jobs (manual via `az acr agentpool update --count 0`). Range 0 to 10.

Type: `number`

Default: `1`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_lock"></a> [lock](#input\_lock)

Description: Controls the Resource Lock configuration for this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `CanNotDelete` and `ReadOnly`.
- `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    kind = string
    name = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) Tags of the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tier"></a> [tier](#input\_tier)

Description: Agent pool tier. S1 (2 vCPU, 3 GB), S2 (4 vCPU, 8 GB), S3 (8 vCPU, 16 GB), I6 isolated (64 vCPU, 216 GB).

Type: `string`

Default: `"S1"`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the agent pool. Pass to `az acr build --agent-pool <name>` from workflows.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: The full resource object of the agent pool.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the agent pool.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft's privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->